Website Link: https://wangerica.github.io/WebDev-23/Final/index.html

For the midterm, my portfolio website had already the contact page and home page finished.
The first additions that I made were to make the contact form require some fields, like the name and email. The second addition was to add a favicon for the website. The third addition was to animate the heading for the project page because it was not as engaging. So I decided to let the title go across the page and back, using CSS. The fourth addition was to make a backgroun image for the home page to not make it look too plain, so I decided to find a pastel blue gradient as the background. Lastly, was the biggest change, which was to add a gallery that would filter the photos by their theme. This took a while because of the amount of photos added and how much changes was needed for each image.

For the gallery the word after column was very important, because it determined whether or not it will appear in that filtered gallery. For my CSS, cropped was used repetitively, to ensure that each photo could fit in the same way. Object-fit, makes sure that the container is filled with the photo, not leaving white space. Object-position, the first percentage adjusts the photo to show more of the left or right side, and the second percentage adjusts the photo up and down. Letting me adjust the photo in the container to show more of one side than the other.

The first thing that I found challenging was having a responsive website, adjusting the screen to match the devices. It took a while for me to understand what each line meant like when to use max-width and when to use min-width. So for the project page, it was not able to adjust to the tv screen in the classroom. The second challenge I encountered was trying to add jquery panels. While adding them, I realized that only one was allowed to slide up and down and the rest couldn't. So I decided to get rid of it and keep the most important information on display in the gallery instead. 
The part that I thought was interesting was how simple it was to crop an image, compared to working on it in photoshop then importing it.

I learned to be able to add filters to photos and have a customized navbar, instead of the already formatted ones. Learning flex boxes was also very helpful, in dividing my content. I thought that learning the labeling for CSS was extremely important, like how for a class, you put a period before the name of the class.

Next steps: I would want to try connecting the contact form to be able to send emails to me. I would also make each photo a modal image, being able to largen when clicked on and x out when done looking at. 
